bugs:
	none yet.

where I left off:
	make destroyers play tool breaking sound when breaking a tool.

things to finish for existing features:
	JEI support for sorter belt (click and dragging items into the GUI).
	JEI support for transmuter (recipe lookup).
	fix tooltips of lightning batteries.
		currently displays durability, which is undesirable.
		also doesn't show durability when fully charged.
		may need to duplicate some of the logic for damage.
	make tooltips of NBT-copied lightning jars display stored energy.
	make miner destroyable.
		waiting on update to 1.20.4, which adds a new class to help with this.

compatibility:
	LightningHandler.IRIS_LIGHTNING is moving to a different package.

features:
	general:
		config file for disabling non-essential mixins.
		config option to disable fancy lightning renderer and associated mixin.
			another config option to control the quality of the lightning.
		fancier 3D models for things.
		need an icon for the mod.
	decoration:
		colored lamps:
			don't actually emit colored light.
			multiple shapes?
	transport:
		belts:
		hoppers:
			wooden hopper: spits out items into the world. significantly less random velocity than droppers. can't insert into inventories.
			stone hopper: this is the vanilla hopper, just with a cheaper recipe
			iron hopper: extracts from whichever slot has the fewest items. ties are broken by slot index.
			golden hopper: extracts from whichever slot has the most items in it. ties are broken by slot index.
			quartz hopper: extracts from a random slot
		teleport sender: teleports entities to any available teleport receivers when it receives a lightning pulse.
		teleport receiver: does not require power, works as a block, as a dropped item, and in a player's inventory.
	lightning power:
		resurrector: uses lightning power and mob drops to summon the mob that drops those items
		lightning enchanter: uses lightning power to enchant items
		magnetite:
			armor: attracts items, xp, and projectiles. so ya know. pros and cons
				should this just be an item that works in your inventory instead?
					nah, that's been done by other mods plenty of times already.
			arrow: is attracted to mobs
		socks:
			when walking across carpet or wool while wearing them,
			charges lightning electrodes in your inventory.
			slowly though. like 1 unit per 10 ticks or something.
	lasers:
		lightning transmitter: on lightning pulse, emits a beam
		lightning receiver: when hit by a lightning beam, spreads the lightning pulse to the position of the receiver
		crystal clusters:
			make spawn in caves and in rocks.
	automation:
		upgraded crafting tables:
			wood: unchanged
			stone: keeps its inventory when you close the GUI
			iron: basically a placeable version of the techno crafter
		deployer: places blocks.
		XP storage device: not sure about the details yet.
		radio: computercraft integration which allows you to control miners remotely, without a driver.
		spawner jammer: disables spawners unless powered by redstone. can also consume mobs and regular chicken eggs and produce spawn eggs in the process.
	redstone:
		pulsar: emits regularly timed redstone pulses
	tools:
		portable techno crafter: portable crafting tool, includes 2 crafting grids, a trash can, and keeps its inventory when closed.
		snow cannon: shoots snowballs every tick while you hold down right click
		rail gun: shoots nuggets fast and accurately compared to bows and arrows. consumes power from lightning electrodes.
		power tools: pickaxe works like block excavator, axe works like block harvester. shovel will work on dirt/gravel veins. not sure about the other tools.
		portable scanner: shows what blocks are hidden in front of you, at the cost of some lightning energy.

done:
	lightning power:
		cooler looking lightning
		lightning cable: transfers lightning power without shocking entities
		transmuter: uses lightning power to turn items into other items
		vanilla integration:
			TNT: explode
			blocks made of copper: de-oxidize
			spawner: spawn mobs
		magnetite:
			nugget: crafting ingredient for magnetite arrows
			ingot: crafting ingredient. made by transmuting iron
			block: also attracts items, xp, and projectiles
		tesla coil: shocks nearby entities, can summon lightning
		lightning jar: stores lightning power as a block. releases power when it receives a redstone signal.
		lightning battery: stores lightning power in portable, item format. releases power on right click.
		silver iodide cannon: used to make it rain. if it's already raining, it'll start thundering.
	transport:
		belts:
			belt: transports entities horizontally
			speedy belt: transports entities faster
			brake belt: slows down (or stops) entities
			director belt: sends items left, right, or straight based on redstone signals
			detector belt: emits a redstone signal when entities are on top of it
			trapdoor belt: on redstone signal (invertable), opens and allows entities to drop straight through it. can be placed in mid air.
			sorter belt: sorts entities left or right with a filter GUI
			ejector belt: extracts items from chests, and xp from the xp storage block, on redstone pulse.
			injector belt: inserts items into adjacent inventories.
			launcher belt: launches entities upwards
		ascender/descender: transports entities vertically
	decoration:
		frames: looks like scaffolding.
		catwalk platforms: looks like a catwalk, can be walked on
		catwalk stairs: includes rails on the side
		more ladders: iron and copper.
		copper slab blocks: texture that resembles polished stone slabs, in the sense that it's clearly split in two.
	redstone:
		encased redstone block: emits a redstone signal in only one direction
		encased slime block: only sticks to other blocks on one side. doesn't stick to honey blocks.
			encased honey block: same. but doesn't stick to slime blocks.
	lasers:
		redstone transmitter: transmits a redstone signal across a large distance
		redstone receiver: receives a signal from a redstone transmitter
		beam interceptor: detects a laser passing through the block
		tripwire beam: emits a redstone signal when an entity touches the beam
		spotlight: illuminates every block the beam goes through
		thermal discouragement beam: ignites entities that touch the beam
		crystal clusters:
			boosts the distance of lasers passing through it
		lens: placed on prisms to control their outputs. also used for crafting lasers.
		mirror: reflects beams so that they go somewhere else
		prism: can split up a beam into several others, or merge several beams into one.
		phase scrambler: makes laser beams invisible and undetectable by redstone components
		phase aligner: makes laser beams visible and detectable by redstone components again
		vanilla interactions:
			glass: beams pass right through.
			stained glass: beams change color when passing through, but do not get boosted.
			beacons: beams get boosted by 32 blocks per level when passing through.
	automation:
		destroyer: breaks blocks and ejects them out the back. can destroy entire trees at once.
			comes in 2 variants: long range and short range. long range uses a laser beam to destroy blocks at a distance.
		ignitor: smelts items on top of it, sets entities on fire
		miner: vehicle entity which can be ridden. consumes fuel, and breaks blocks on contact.

canceled:
	lightning rod: already in vanilla.

when updating to MC 1.20.4/5:
	there is apparently an attribute for player reach distance now.
		use this in all implementations of Inventory.canPlayerUse().